Mr. Creasy. what an
unexpected surprise.
It's been so long. I thought
you might have left the game.
I had the same worry about you.
I got a small group.
and I'MMA need relocation
and bulletproof ids.
Where?
Rio de Janeiro.
I got a shell game going.
but… that should only
last for the next few days.
- Good morning.
Welcome. Mr. Cannaberata.
- Mr. Salters?
- Yeah.
I'm helping a victim of domestic abuse.
- Mr. Johnson.
- Yeah.
And I'll double it if you
would notify me immediately…
…if anybody comes by asking about us.
All right.
I haven't been to rio recently.
but I could be convinced.
assuming the usual fees.
That said. relocation hardly seems
like a challenge worthy of ringing me up
after all this time.
Yeah. well. relocation is only half the gig.
And the other half?
Breaking into a Brazilian prison
holding one of the country's
most-wanted terrorists.
Well. now. this sounds more like
something I can sink my teeth into.
Very good.
Portugal? What do you mean. Portugal?
Why is he talking about Portugal?
- I'll explain. honey.
- I thought we came here to hide.
Will we be safe?
Because this guy had people
waiting for us back in america. so…
Yes. I'm sure.
Creasy. are we gonna be legal?
We agreed on relocation.
and that's what I'm delivering.
Relocation?
Were you planning for us to leave Brazil?
I'll talk to you about it. honey.
I'm not going.
You can mess around
and stay if you want.
but if someone shows up to your door
asking for information you will not have.
I'll say it right now. I will
not be able to help you.
Now. you can help me
by going somewhere safe
and letting me do my job.
Sorry.
Excuse me.
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
No. all right. Thanks for letting me know.
What?
That's one of the other hotels.
Somebody's looking for us already.
That's why you have to go.
They said he was checked in. but
he won't be checked into this one.
He checked into ten other
hotels under fake names
and ten more under his own.
possibly moving between them.
I'll find him. It's just
gonna take me some time.
It's kind of weird how I've gotten
totally used to you doing that.
- What are you doing?
- Still trying to get into his account.
You know. to check our emails.
See the pictures.
Whatever I did…
You didn't do anything. poe.
Then don't send me away.
In order to do what I need to do.
I need to know that you are safe.
I've lost everything.
I mean. I…
I can't even get into the scraps.
I just want to keep one thing.
- Poe. i...
- no.
No. I... I don't want
you to answer me now.
I just…
I just want you to think about it.
I have thought about it. poe.
And I'm sorry.
Did they get the money?
Yeah.
Duda's men got it.
I'm gonna get my part now.
That's good.
And poe?
What about poe?
You just gonna send
her with this person?
Ivan is one of. if not
the best. Poe will be fine.
Listen.
When the worst happened
to me. what saved me.
I had my family. my friends. my daughter.
And I know you have
your reasons for doing this. I know that.
But I can't let that girl end up alone.
I can't.
So I'd like poe to come with
me and Marina when we go.
At least. until it's safe
for her to get home.
Okay. Okay.
I know you feel that cutting
yourself off is the right thing to do...
you know. whatever
you got going on with poe.
that's good. that's fine.
that's... that's what she needs.
That is not me.
You can say that.
But that's your choice.
Not a fact.
Here is good.
- But you said you wanted to go...
- I said here.
Here is good.
There he is. There he is.
Go. go. go.
- For your troubles.
- Thank you.
You remember what they looked like?
These people who were asking for me?
Long hair. Beard. The other short. bald?
Yes. You know them?
Yeah. we just met. They come
back. you know what to do.
Yeah?
Mr. Creasy. you asked to be
notified if anyone asked after you.
How long ago?
Well. just now. They
actually left a letter behind.
Can you open it for me. please?
It's a piece of paper with a
phone number and a word.
A word?
Tappen.
Good. good.
Hey. beto.
Come here!
There he is.
Finally. you earned something.
By leaps and bounds…
Go. Take your share.
This wasn't as easy as you said. partner.
Vico and his crew were required
to provide additional security.
So it's only fair that some
of that money goes to him.
It will come out of yours.
Beto.
One thing. little brother.
You only had to do one
thing. and you didn't do it.
- Beto.
- You can't watch a girl?
- Keep her in one place?
- Beto.
The alarm sounds. and you let her run?
- Stop. beto! You are crazy!
- You're a little shit!
Fuck. What are you good for?
How am I not better off without you?
- You freeloader! You piece of shit.
- Stop. beto! Stop!
Keep it. if it's so important to you.
Vico!
How long has this been going on?
You're kidding. right?
I don't see much of beto. and
livro never said anything. How long?
He knows snitches don't last.
I will speak to beto…
Problem is that the favela is full of betos.
It is not only him.
So what do I do now?
You really want to know?
- This is tap pen.
- What are you doing?
Look. I figured it'd be
best to just leave a number.
I mean. what the hell
are you doing in Brazil?
Listen to me. I've known you a long time.
Everybody's declaring victory
and you're not racing home.
So. whatever that is. I'm
here to help you put that to bed.
Look. I appreciate that.
but what I got going
on. you cannot help with.
Doesn't mean I still can't
be an asset in the field.
- No. it's not about that.
- I know what it's about. all right?
I know you better than anyone and
why you had to stop doing the job.
And if something like that happens now.
you freeze up…
Or has it already happened?
Jesus.
You dodged a bullet.
Let's not try it again.
I am here.
Hey. use me.
If something happens to poe.
neither one of us is ever gonna
be able to forgive ourselves.
I've got it handled.
How?
Go home. man.
You want to help me?
You let me do this my way.
And what's that?
Alone.
Got you.
Hey. poe.
It's okay. I brought him
here. It's okay. he's with me.
- It's okay. I brought him.
- Creasy!
Hey.
- Livro? I...
- no! Hey!
Hey. creasy! It's okay. I
brought him. Look at me. It's okay.
Everybody shut up!
It's okay.
Explain this right now.
When I went to get my part of the money.
I realized… I realized vico can help you.
- I don't want help. I'm not asking for it.
- Just listen to me.
Vico used to run drugs into that prison.
His contact can get you in and out.
- He can take you to ferraz.
- No.
- Why not?
- Why would he want to help?
And we need to get him out of the favela.
Listen.
I want livro to come with me.
Vico just wants to help.
He's gonna go his own way.
I promise.
I already got the prison taken care of.
and you bringing in more people
makes everything harder. not easier.
I know.
And I'm sorry.
What about rice?
Perfect. I'm going to turn this off.
You ever been in a place this nice?
No.
It's a whole other world.
Once. I was offered a
job working for a supplier
who lived in a place just like this.
I could have moved right in.
Why didn't you?
You remember my sister. neusa?
She was a lot like you.
Not cut out for life in a favela.
At least. not with a brother like me.
I couldn't leave her there alone.
She needed out.
It was just too late
before I understood that.
Why are you doing this for me?
I don't understand. You've
always been an asshole to me.
I've told you. livro.
I may not be smart like you.
but I don't have to make
the same mistake twice.
You coming?
No. I still got a… I got
a few things… to do.
I just watched you pack
and unpack that bag twice.
Should I be worried?
No. They knocked on two
doors. third was a false alarm.
so everything is still in place.
Then why aren't you eating?
Nah…
"Nah…."
You know.
your whole surgeon thing about
not treating people like people.
so that you can do
your job or whatever…
Personally. I don't really
think it's a good idea.
Is that right?
Yeah. I mean.
you have all these regrets
about people that you let in
whereas.
all my regrets are about
people that I kept out.
You're gonna be alone tomorrow.
Tonight. you really don't have to be.
You could be here with all of us.
But obviously. that's… that's up to you.
You mentioned your dad taught
you a couple things about self-defense
and that you might have
forgotten. so. if you want.
I could… I could…
I could show you a couple things.
I remember one time…
What?
Okay.
Was it the one about the tire yard?
No.
He told you that?
Or. the one with the bald general.
That one turned into funny.
That was not funny at the time.
No. My favorite one is
when he completely disappears
and you go looking for him.
Instead of picking up the pizza.
he's basically running the whole joint.
The man couldn't stand looking at
a operation that wasn't tip-top shape.
Imagine that's the guy who's inspecting
how well you've cleaned your room.
- He told you that?
- He did.
Busted.
Look. you already know all the stories.
Why are you trying to get me to tell them?
Yeah. I'm at the spot
they traced the call to.
There's two hotels nearby. and
I'm betting it's one or the other.
I'm going to take care of this myself.
Look. you got him wasted
last night. yeah? Stoned?
He's a fucking mess
before noon on a good day.
He's gonna be the walking dead today.
So I get in. you get him out. boom.
- It's done. and we're off.
- No.
No. man.
You're crazy. man.
Don't you get it's too crazy?
Too crazy even for you?
Fine. I'll do it myself.
What's up?
Where are my fucking keys?
Holy shit.
What's going on?
Vico is getting neurotic.
I'm going to sort this shit out.
- Kiss.
Naughty girl.
Good afternoon. How are you?
Good afternoon.
Agent penner. Interpol
abduction task force.
Listen. we have reason to
believe that one of your hotel guests
is involved in an active
child-trafficking operation.
Maybe checked in
under an assumed name.
Maybe offered you money to be
notified if anyone asked about him.
Look.
you can be helpful.
okay. so this is a couple of days ago.
Is this the only time he appears?
Yes. and there's no
footage of the girl anywhere.
It's the other one.
All right. let's go. let's go.
Marina.
What room number?
Come on. Come on. Come on.
What?
I forgot something.
Very.
Be right back.
- Wait for you in the car.
- Come on.
Getting you out is gonna be noisy.
It is a fun little plan.
Now. the issue is getting you in.
How much more time?
Finding people I could trust to
deliver might take a few weeks.
He's supposed to have a way in
and out that should be smoother.
Ready to roll.
You trust it?
Let's find out.
Hi. Yeah.
Can you translate?
Sure.
They want to talk to you.
After you get ferraz. you're
going to get into the thing…
Apparently. the helicopter
takes us to a yacht.
Not a sentence I ever thought I'd hear.
Guess I'm always going
to make you jumpy?
This is probably the last
time we'll see each other.
You'll need something to
get started where you're going.
There was a tad bit
more than I expected.
He's already lost his mind.
Vico.
I will never forget this.
I know.
You will always have the scars.
Hey. You ready?
Yeah.
You sure about this?
I've already said Ivan is one of the best...
I meant. are you sure about staying?
I'm not staying. I'm finishing.
Good luck.
I'm gonna miss you.
Yeah.
And I know that may
not seem like much.
but… it's been a long time
since I said that to anybody. so…
And…
I got you this.
It's a taser.
Just in case you forgot
everything I taught you.
I'm not giving this to you…
Because I want you to have it.
I'm giving this to you
because I want it back.
Jesus. I just missed him.
Wait. Wait. wait. pause it. Pause it.
Visiting hours end in 30 minutes.
- If there's any bullshit…
- I'll tell him.
Don't fool around.
Felipe says ferraz has guards of his own.
All he can do is get you to the cell.
If something goes
bad. you're on your own.
Almost seems like you're
trying to talk me out of it.
I have done many things I wish
someone had talked me out of.
So maybe I am.
Will you be here when I get out?
Can't collect my bet with
Felipe about you if I'm not.
Do I want to know where
you put your money?
No.
Move. Hurry up. man.
Arms up. Turn.
Enter.
Arms up.
Come.
Scrub this one back.
All right. stop. Freeze. Freeze.
Can you punch in on that?
Motherfucker.
He's going after ferraz.
No. ferraz. lock it down.
Lock it down! Back to your cells!
Back to your cells!